[SENICHI]
Nure-senbei are unique.
They have a rather
smooshy texture, I'd say.
They're super soft and tasty!
Is this your
first time trying them?
Yep. Never had em.
I usually go for more
crack in my cracker!
So did they ever get your friend
Maou's apartment all fixed up?
[CHIHO]
Mm-hm!
They should be moved in by now.
--[phone rings]
--Huh?
Here. Let me get this one.
Hello?
What's good, brother?
How ya doin'?
Really?
[EMI] Don't know why I expected
the place to be less of a dump.
[ASHIYA]
Ugh! Have you not eyes?
Look!
The kitchen faucet
has been tightened!
No matter how hard I twisted
the knob, it would drip,
but the good
repairmen hath saved me!
Yay, repairs!
Look at you,
understanding stuff!
You're my little smarty,
aren't you?
You've lost all
hope of being cool.
From Demon King to Dorky Dad.
I'm so glad you're digging
the family bonding.
But, MgRonalds is still
closed for a while, right?
You should look for a temp job
before we come
down with the poor.
Silence, hypocrite!
[doorbell rings]
Hi, everybody!
Chi-mi is home!
What's up, Chi?
Good news!
I found you a job!
In Nagano!
Uh. Nagano?
[ASHIYA]
Urushihara.
You faring well?
Uh... Why don't
you take a guess?
Sorry, he's gross.
He's not used
to leaving the house.
Aw, it's okay.
Little Chiho here used to get
carsick when she was young.
She was worse than this though,
she would be sick out
of both ends if you know--
Let's just keep that
to ourselves, Mom!
You know, maybe there's
something to be learned here.
We all get sick,
even dark lords.
Huh?
"Dark lords"? What's that?
What did I say?
Not dark lords, that's for sure!
You did! 'Cause that's what
you call black bears, isn't it?
Yeah! That's right!
You know me.
Scared of bears!
Speaking of,
are there bears in Nagano?
[RIHO] You would hardly
see them back in the day.
But I hear that lately
they've been coming down
the mountain to find food.
Miss Sasaki's grandmother.
She was attacked by a wild boar
on the farm, correct?
[RIHO] Yes, but she
wasn't hurt too badly.
Though it was enough to
scare away all the kids
they had working part-time.
Hence they're shorthanded.
With the summer
harvest coming up,
my brother-in-law needs help.
That's where you boys come in!
Thanks again.
Sure.
We're just happy
to have something
to do until MgRonald's reopens.
It's a little late to ask,
but do you think that we
should've invited Miss Yusa?
I'm sick of her
following us around.
I could use an Emi break.
My liege! Look ahead!
What a sight to see!
[MAOU] Whoa, that building
has the face of a kappa!
[CHIHO]
It's called Kappakan!
It's a museum related to the old
legends and all things kappa!
The kappa?
These spirits are known
for their diverse interests.
Sumo!
And cucumbers!
And the shirikodama,
AKA the butt soul.
Lost me at butt.
It's the truth!
Kappa are known to extract
an orb called the shirikodama
straight from the
human's chocolate pocket.
And without this
mysterious globe,
the human is robbed of all
of their nerve and vigor.
Perhaps, that's what
happened to you, Urushihara!
Huh?
Give the poor guy a break,
he's too sick for a comeback.
Well, we're almost there.
Hey, here's a fun fact.
All this land you see out here,
minus the roads of course,
belongs to our family.
[MAOU, ASHIYA]
What?!
[YUMIKO] Riho!
I hope the drive wasn't too bad!
[CHIHO]
It's good to see you, Auntie!
I'm glad you came, Chiho!
You've grown so much
since I've seen you!
Is that boy Mister Maou?
Yep, that's me.
Nice to meet you.
I'm your niece's friend, Ashiya.
I'm Urushihara.
I'm Yumiko, Chiho's auntie.
That ride must've
tuckered you folks out!
Relax for a bit in your rooms.
Dear?
Why don't you show them the way?
[gasps]
[ASHIYA]
Enormous.
[MAOU] The Devil's Castle
could fit in the damn foyer!
In fact,
imagine for a moment the area of
Sasazuka and Hatagaya combined.
That would still be smaller
than the land the Sasakis own.
What are you waiting
for, slowpokes?
The stairs are over this way!
Hey, Ashiya?
Did our secretly rich friend
just say "the stairs"?
Um, I believe so.
This place is even
bigger than we thought!
True! What sorcery is this?
Hurry, or they'll
smell your poverty.
Thanks for being here, you're
doing our family a huge favor.
I'm Manji, Chiho's uncle.
You met my wife, Yumiko.
And that's my son Kazuma.
He runs the place.
So, I'm Chiho's cousin.
That's my wife, Hinako,
and son, Hitoshi.
Hello!
Can you tell
our friends hello, too?
Hello!
Wait, so you're Chi's cousin?
[CHIHO]
I just have some experience
babysitting my cousin's kid.
[BOTH] Thank you, sir,
we'll forever be in your debt!
[ALL]
Hmm?
[EI]
Well, looky, here.
The gang's all back together.
Grandma?
I was under the
impression you were hurt.
Takes a lot more than
that to keep me down!
Lastly, this is my mother, Ei.
We heard you were gored
by a boar or something.
Just a headbutt!
I'll be all right, but you
should see the other guy!
Well, I'm really glad
that you're doing okay.
Let us cover the physical labor.
We're here to help out.
So rest up and leave
the farming to us, ma'am.
Huh?
Hey, Hinako.
Why don't you show
our guests around the fields?
Chiho, you mind watching
the little guy for a while?
Of course! Sounds fun!
How responsible!
You're becoming a
fine young lady, aren't ya?
Her mom says she's been
working on cooking, too.
Rumor has it,
she's spent a lot of time
learning some fancy
new recipes to impress Maou.
Oh, yeah?
Whose team are you on, mother?
Don't just tell
people that stuff!
Oops.
It came up in conversation, hun.
I'm not buying that excuse!
[MAOU chuckles]
What? Something funny?
No, not at all!
It's just, in the car,
I was thinking.
About?
This whole trip?
I think it's going to let me
see a different side of you.
I'm excited.
Huh? Cool. Though I'm not
super sure what you mean.
[HINAKO] I can't express
how grateful we are.
We won't make you
do anything too difficult.
No fear.
We will just need
help with things
like harvesting and weeding.
All the super tedious,
but fairly simple tasks.
Great. Hey, are
you sure it's okay
for them to ride back there?
For some reason, this doesn't
make me feel as puke-y.
While I'm ever-so happy for you,
we are currently
breaking the law,
and if caught by police,
could face a fine!
That won't be a problem here.
All of this land is ours.
Now, there aren't
too many vegetables
that get harvested
here in the summer.
But those that do,
need to be handpicked,
and we have quite a few.
Those greenhouses
are full of eggplants.
And nearby are cucumbers.
Nearby?
We would call that a
hefty city block in Sasazuka.
[HINAKO] The harvest doesn't
start until tomorrow morning,
but let's warm you up.
It'll be good to
dip your toes in.
It's nothing scary!
Just some light weeding.
Hey. Urushihara, are you dead?
Tough loss.
Ashiya. Nothing?
War, you're fine.
Weeding? Dead.
[CHIHO] Mister Maou?
Can we come in for a sec?
Yeah, just watch the bodies
Poor boys.
It looks like they
started you out early.
There's still a little bit
of time before dinner,
so Kazuma invited us all
to check out a hot spring.
--Huh?
[RIHO]
Wow.
What a beautiful building.
[KAZUMA]
Just went up last year.
It's a hotel, but you can also
come just for the hot spring.
How about we meet
back up at 6:30?
Oof!
Whoa! Hi! Chi-mi!
Wait, Alas Ramus?
[EMI]
Slow down for Mama, cutie!
Short legs, but such speed.
So, uh, what's going on?
Why're you here?
Hilarious coming from you!
That's strange.
Do you know these folks?
Did you say "Alas Ramus"?
That's the baby
he took in, right?
Mama! My Dada is here!
"Dada"?
"Mama"?
Let me make sure I'm
understanding this right.
So... when Maou
and his roommates
came to Nagano with us,
they left Alas Ramus
under the care of...?
Suzuno Kamazuki, ma'am.
Of course, Miss Kamazuki.
And you're friends
with sweet Emi,
who happens to bear
a striking resemblance
to the baby's real mother.
How am I doing so far?
Quite well.
But you see,
the poor child couldn't stand
to be apart from Maou,
who she thinks of as a father.
We did research into the area
and found this
hot spring hotel nearby.
It was perfect.
I knew it would be
an inconvenience,
but we came anyway in hopes
the baby could see Maou.
How cruel, Maou.
You should've brought
the baby with you.
Actual father or not.
Uh! Right. I know that now.
But worse than that, her real
parents have abandoned her
for so long she's forgotten
who they even are.
Tell your relative she's started
calling someone else "Mom,"
and they might come back.
Eh. Wouldn't worry
about it all that much.
I have a friend that's so busy,
his kids hardly know him.
Each family's different.
Um. Mister Sasaki?
We just met,
and I'm fully aware this
might be out of line to ask,
especially after our painfully
embarrassing introduction, but--
What is it?
Will you hire us?
Suzuno and I would
prove most valuable.
I actually grew up
on a wheat farm.
So, I for one,
know what I'm doing.
I'm sorry, Bel.
Didn't mean to
drag you into this.
Please. It's fine.
I have no qualms
with manual labor.
And I understand all your
concerns about the boys.
Imagine those clowns
working in the fields.
What a total pain in my ass.
[CHIHO]
Mister Maou?
Are you asleep in there?
Not yet.
Sup, Chi?
[CHIHO]
Gosh, I'm sorry.
I need a sec to get
in the right space.
[MAOU]
Huh?
[inhales, exhales]
Okay.
[CHIHO]
Hi.
Good evening, Mister Maou.
Hey. You good?
I'm, uh, kinda underdressed.
Like, it's embarrassing
[MAOU]
Hmm?
Doesn't seem like a problem.
What's up?
Need something?
Uh-huh.
I just... Never mind, I'm being
silly, it's not that important.
Thinking about it,
I don't think I've ever seen
you dressed so casually.
You look cute
with your hair down.
You should wear it
like that more.
Huh? Yeah,
I don't think I can do that!
It's fine to look
like this at home,
but I can't go exposing
my home-self to just anybody!
I guess that makes sense?
So, what did you come here for?
Uh. So, I, uh, I wanted to talk
to you about Miss Yusa.
Know what?
Why don't we take
a walk outside?
Why can we see
so many stars out here?
I'm no scientist,
but if I had to guess,
the mountains are
blocking out the moonlight.
Ah. Makes sense.
Good thinking, Chi.
Might as well just dive in.
So, about Miss Yusa.
Oh, yeah. She is what
we came to talk about, huh?
I found out the real reason
why she asked my uncle
to work on the farm
with you guys.
Do you wanna know?
Yeah, but I doubt
you heard it from her.
Miss Suzuno told me about it.
She explained Miss Yusa
was really upset
by the idea of
you doing farm work.
I thought that
might be the case.
Why, did you notice something?
[MAOU]
Nothing major.
But it did occur to me
that her family back on
Ente Isla ran a farm.
Sure.
I see how that would
make this upsetting.
We treated her family
like they were nothing.
She'd say we have no business
going anywhere near a farm.
That's the gist of what
she told Miss Suzuno.
It's kinda creepy.
I can picture Emi's reaction
to stuff like this
almost perfectly.
That makes me kind of jealous.
Please, don't be.
No need.
For real.
I'm sure it's hard for her to
come to terms with things.
You're right.
You know, something's
been on my mind.
I wonder if there's a way
for all of the people
I've grown to love
to find happiness
with each other.
That seems doubtful.
At least pretend
to give it a shot!
[MAOU]
Chi?
[CHIHO]
We better head back.
This was such a lovely walk.
Thank you for coming.
[EMI] Rise and shine,
league of mediocre gentleman!
Hey! What? Leave!
You have ten seconds to
explain what you're doing!
Weren't you paying
attention yesterday?
I'm working here, and it's the
first day of the harvest, idiot.
[MAOU] I know,
but why did you wake us at...?
Huh?!
This is a freakin' felony!
[EMI]
It's summertime.
It's normal.
On your feet, nerds!
[HINAKO]
Good morning, everybody!
Please, escort to
yourself to an empty seat.
You can't come
to someone's house
and totally monopolize
their kitchen!
Where might the third stooge be?
Risking life and limb
by clinging to his futon.
[fighting sounds]
[KAZUMA] This morning,
we'll split up into teams
to harvest eggplants
and cucumbers.
Great, here we go.
Yusa, have you ever
picked eggplants?
Yes, sir.
[KAZUMA]
In that case, Maou and Yusa,
you can take that greenhouse.
Hinako and Kamazuki,
head over there.
Ashiya, you and Pops
can take that one.
Urushihara,
you're with me today.
Okay, let's hit it folks!
[RIHO]
Have a great time, hun.
I'll pick you kids up
in four days.
Thank you!
Drive safe.
Bye-bye!
Oh, gosh. Hope it's going well.
Good grief. I figured it would
be cooler in the morning,
but I'm sweatin' like a hog.
Do you know the reason why we
started picking these so early?
Huh?
Early-morning harvests
are actually standard
for summer veggies.
Why's that?
[EMI]
At night there's no sunlight,
and temperatures go down.
So plants kinda get a break.
They use that time
to replenish nutrients.
[MAOU]
So if we pick them early,
they'll have just replenished
and are at their
most nutritious?
Yeah, exactly. Even if crops
come from the same field,
they'll still taste different
depending on
when they're picked.
[MAOU]
Gotcha.
Guess rising at the butt-crack
of dawn was worth it.
So, then.
If we don't finish
picking them soon,
can't we come back
tomorrow morning?
No.
Huh? Why not?
[EMI] Any vegetables
that are at their peak today
will over-ripen at the
speed of light by tomorrow.
They would be all spongy
and not taste as good.
No way they'd sell.
Harvest too late,
and you lose everything.
The farmer takes
a massive financial hit.
Well, that sounds rough.
[EMI]
Trust me, it is. I'd know.
Huh?
Miss Suzuno told me about it.
She explained
Miss Yusa was really upset
by the idea of
you doing farm work.
What's wrong?
Are you regretting what you did?
If you're planning
to dump your guilt on me,
don't waste your time.
Guilt about what?
Jeez.
[EMI] Maybe having your
demons destroy my hometown?
And burning down
my father's fields?
I'm still angry.
And I won't forgive you.
But if you're sorry,
maybe a little fraction of that
anger will start to go away.
But just a tiny little bit.
Like if an ant took a crap,
like that amount.
In retrospect, your remorse
doesn't matter much.
What?
Just give it a rest.
That issue is
between you and me.
I don't want to
impact the Sasakis
and the amazing opportunity
they're giving us by
bringing the past into this.
So, go ahead and farm your
little heart out, Old MgRonald.
Jeez, Emi.
Why "jeez"?
Could you be a bigger pain?
[ASHIYA] Are we certain
what we're doing here
is ethical, Sire?
We rose quite
early this morning,
and the labor was intense.
But still...
They're being way too nice.
They gave us an awesome meal,
and have let us nap
for over two hours now.
I feel as though Heaven
would frown upon us
taking our full pay.
Be real, man,
Heaven hates you already.
I'm gonna need to sit here
till the end of time.
You know, maybe we suck.
I bet they're letting us nap
'cause that's all
we're qualified for.
My liege.
If we want work,
we'll have to go get it.
Picture Yusa.
She's using her unique skills
to find work around the farm.
Yeah.
Guess you're on to something.
Let's go ask Grandma Ei
if she has any jobs for us.
We got skills, too!
[CHIHO]
Aw, don't cry, Hii.
Wanna play with your new friend?
Here!
Come play with me!
[EI]
A job? Of course.
How about taking
Hitoshi on a walk
to see his mama
out in the field?
The poor dear's been
crying to see Hinako
since she left this morning.
Leave it to us, ma'am!
[URUSHIHARA]
They actually got up.
What inspirational
colleagues I have.
I truly respect their grind.
[MAOU] How's the
weather up there? You hot?
Nope! Hii!
We have matching hats,
yours is very cool!
What a sweet girl!
You're little Miss Polite, huh?
Yeah, miss! Hii-mi!
I think your new buddy
might prefer Hii-mister.
[screams]
Aw, thanks!
He must've missed me.
Quite.
Glad we could be
of service, ma'am.
[MAOU]
What have you been up to?
[EMI]
Just picking some millet.
Hey, where's Suzuno?
She's back at the house
helping out with dinner.
Huh? I didn't know that.
She went outside right
before you came down.
I think she said she was
sharpening a knife.
Well, that's big
serial killer energy.
Be quiet, that's how you
become victim number one.
I can let her
know you said that.
I have a suspicion that
someone'll go hungry tonight.
Din din! But not for Dada!
I can handle a lot but not that!
I'm sorry, I take it back!
--Shh!
--Huh?
Is something
the matter, Hinako?
No. Not yet at least.
Everybody needs to stay calm.
Crouch down and hush.
Right there.
--Bear!
--What now?
[EMI]
Where's Kazuma?
He went down to the canal.
[MAOU]
Look at him. He's so thin.
If he wants food,
we're in trouble.
He looks hungry.
Let's get out of here
before it gets closer.
We could go down
where Kazuma is.
That isn't a bad idea.
Now, Alas Ramus.
Quiet Time.
Right. Quiet.
[EMI]
Don't rush. Nice and slow.
Honey. Please. Calm down.
Hitoshi.
Mama needs you to be quiet.
[cries]
Uh-oh. He heard us!
[roars]